SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT is dated 9 August 2026 and made BETWEEN:

(1) ACME HOLDINGS INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Seller"); and
(2) ZENITH PARTNERS LLC, a Washington limited liability company (the "Buyer").

RECITALS

(A) The Seller is the legal and beneficial owner of the Shares.
(B) The Seller has agreed to sell and the Buyer has agreed to purchase the
    Shares on the terms set out in this Agreement.

1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1 In this Agreement, the following words have the following meanings:

"Accounts" means the audited financial statements of the Company for the
period ended 31 December 2025.

"Business Day" means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday
in Seattle, Washington.

"Closing" means the completion of the sale and purchase of the Shares in
accordance with clause 5.

"Closing Date" means the third Business Day after the Conditions are
satisfied.

"Company" means Acme Operating Co., a Delaware corporation.

"Conditions" means the conditions set out in Schedule 1.

"Consideration" means US$5,000,000, subject to adjustment under clause 6.

"Disclosure Letter" means the letter of even date from the Seller to the
Buyer.

"Escrow Amount" means US$500,000.

"Material Adverse Change" means any change that is materially adverse to
the business of the Company.

"Shares" means the 1,000 ordinary shares of the Company.

"Warranties" means the warranties set out in Schedule 2.

2. SALE AND PURCHASE

2.1 The Seller shall sell and the Buyer shall purchase the Shares free from
all encumbrances with effect from the closing date.

2.2 The Consideration shall be paid in cash on Closing, less the Escrow
Amount which shall be retained under the "Escrow Agreement".

3. CONDITIONS

3.1 Closing is conditional on the Conditions being satisfied.

3.2 If the Conditions are not satisfied by the Long Stop Date, either party
may terminate.

4. WARRANTIES

4.1 The Seller warrants to the Buyer in the terms of the Warranties, subject
to the matters disclosed in the Disclosure Letter.

4.2 The Seller is not liable for any claim to the extent it arises from a
Material Adverse Change occurring after the Closing Date.

5. CLOSING

5.1 Closing shall take place on the Closing Date.

5.2 At Closing the Seller shall deliver the Accounts and transfers of the
Shares.

"Company" means the entity described in Schedule 3.
